come hello everybody hello guys hello
guess what do we just hit 500,000
subscribers wow that was really fast
it's only been three months since or 312
subscriber video back when we just
started this channel it took over a year
to just get 1000 subscribers now we get
double that in just one day talking
about a channel when we just started
many of you probably haven't seen your
first few videos which we've moved
videos like Mario vs. Luigi or knife of
a chicken
that's a good one or even my amazing
special effects man we used to be
working on this 300 euro PC which lack
like crap recording was very difficult
as we would struggle to hit 30 frames
per second by the time we hit 50,000
subscribers we decided to buy a new one
so I'll show you
hello fellas here's a my setup that's my
keyboard as my mouse don't know what
these things are you'll have to figure
out
let's my computer
what are you doing here nothing I think
they get it
that's a table we met many awesome
people on the way all our friends on the
server are YouTube buddies and some
closer friends like Saul and I so I
would like we meet you again
well I went on at its January server
after I saw the video and I thought it
was a pretty cool surfer and then I I
how I got called me x-raying
the next day you guys got a teamspeak
and i decided to join because I was
pretty mad at you guys for stealing my
diamonds and so I want to do well
cause met but then you appear to be cool
guys and I started talking to you and
then you gave me mod for my awesome
voice yep we were on TV speaking there
were many kids again I was like yes
high-pitched voices yeah like this and
then though I came and I danced all came
online and they were like hmm that's a
tease boys do you want to be a mod uh no
sir oh you gave me much just like random
engagement I was like fan whirring oh
thanks man and then you needed me for
video and I joined then that was life of
an Ender Dragon and then after that it
just went bad boom boom she's going
through dynamite except of course potato
and hi we already knew years before
starting this channel potatoes we know
from real life and hi horrible and hi we
know thank you hi we know from on
runescape runescape yeah no no no no
really
yes it looks good oh oh no it was a clip
when we
no it does the maplestory right
no Goodridge gamer does maplestory let's
restate no it does maplestory what's
room maple scape story I want final
sketch here pretty sure the tables
honest World of Warcraft rule of Naples
hey okay oh okay
oh that one no I don't play that hey
guys I have an awesome idea let's build
a have a huge sign that says thank you
for 500,000 subscribers would we do that
saying I don't why not just do it let's
do it
why let's do it to thank the fans for
watching yeah why not
okay so to thank them you build a sign
yeah yes okay and we're talking rudely
in the video that's good guys let's do
it alright let's do it
you
so behind us is there it is it that yes
that's the belt yes
thank you guys so much for 500,000
subscribers thank you each and every one
of you out there we just can't say thank
you enough but we really do mean it also
some of you guys have been asking for
some tips on how to become big on
YouTube well the only tips I can give
you are keep trying put in a lot of
effort and of course fart a lot
you